
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.026978                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 26978143000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                26978143000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  83691                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   129696                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              404780004                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 671876                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    66.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                     5577908                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8644102                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26978143000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          54592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data        2191744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            2246336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        54592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         54592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks        30272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           30272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst             853                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data           34246                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               35099                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks          473                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                473                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst           2023564                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data          81241470                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              83265034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      2023564                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          2023564                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks        1122094                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1122094                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks        1122094                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst          2023564                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data         81241470                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             84387128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       946.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1706.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     68491.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000019000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.002184122000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds           53                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds           53                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState              107570                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState                878                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       35099                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        473                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     70198                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      946                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                2246304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                      32                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   29792                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 2246336                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                30272                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              4354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              4358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              4362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              4414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              4411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              4422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              4386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              4420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              4348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              4374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             4388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             4374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             4358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             4442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             4406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             4380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                88                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                82                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               80                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               86                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   26977780000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                 70198                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                  946                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   34843                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   34847                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     243                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     238                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                      13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        34110                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     66.726239                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    64.975460                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    28.830284                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-63           226      0.66%      0.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-127        33322     97.69%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-191          246      0.72%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-255          107      0.31%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-319           47      0.14%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-383           33      0.10%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-447           27      0.08%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-511           30      0.09%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-575           72      0.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        34110                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           53                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    1320.301887                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    412.376439                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   5696.300870                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047           50     94.34%     94.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            2      3.77%     98.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40960-43007            1      1.89%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            53                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           53                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.566038                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.544211                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.866235                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               12     22.64%     22.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               40     75.47%     98.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                1      1.89%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            53                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        54592                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2191712                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        29792                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2023564.038488490507                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 81240284.032892853022                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1104301.359808197245                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1706                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        68492                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          946                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     74993000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   4185852000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  95426899000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     43958.38                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     61114.47                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 100874100.42                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2927102000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              4260845000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  280788000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     41698.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    4000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                60698.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        83.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     83.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                       8000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       2.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      28.07                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    36481                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     536                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 51.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                56.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     758399.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    52.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy               0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          24578721500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     14214000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     477100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  19848318000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     88396500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1908042500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4642072000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26978143000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                      69                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted                69                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect                26                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups                   36                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                       0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                  0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups              36                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits                  0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses               36                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted           11                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                      1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26978143000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1024188                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                        9964                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                        439881                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26978143000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26978143000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1525357                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            68                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    27                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     26978143000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                         26978143                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5577908                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8644102                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.discardedOps                       2522760                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                         0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.cpi                               4.836606                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.ipc                               0.206757                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.op_class_0::No_OpClass                1155      0.01%      0.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntAlu                 8109863     93.82%     93.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntMult                     11      0.00%     93.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntDiv                    1083      0.01%     93.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatAdd                    18      0.00%     93.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     93.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     93.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     93.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     93.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     93.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     93.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     93.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAdd                    284      0.00%     93.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     93.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAlu                    403      0.00%     93.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCmp                      6      0.00%     93.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCvt                    664      0.01%     93.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMisc                   482      0.01%     93.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     93.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     93.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShift                  102      0.00%     93.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     93.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     93.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     93.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     93.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     93.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     93.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     93.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     93.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     93.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     93.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     93.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     93.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     93.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     93.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     93.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     93.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     93.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     93.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     93.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemRead                 519611      6.01%     99.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemWrite                  9422      0.11%     99.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMemRead               662      0.01%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite              336      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::total                  8644102                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.tickCycles                        12181550                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.idleCycles                        14796593                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.fetch2.int_instructions                 73                       # Number of integer instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.fp_instructions                   0                       # Number of floating point instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.vec_instructions                  0                       # Number of SIMD instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.load_instructions                 0                       # Number of memory load instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.store_instructions                0                       # Number of memory store instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26978143000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1017.832162                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             1033432                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            493786                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              2.092874                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            239000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1017.832162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          911                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           2561246                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          2561246                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26978143000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data       530626                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          530626                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         9020                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           9020                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data       539646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           539646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data       539646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          539646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       493346                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        493346                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data          738                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          738                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data       494084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         494084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       494084                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        494084                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16668940000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16668940000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     85953000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     85953000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16754893000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16754893000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16754893000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16754893000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1023972                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1023972                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9758                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         9758                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1033730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1033730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1033730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1033730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.481796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.075630                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.075630                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.477962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.477962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.477962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.477962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33787.524374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33787.524374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 116467.479675                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116467.479675                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33911.021203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33911.021203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33911.021203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33911.021203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          552                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total               552                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data          278                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          278                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data          298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data          298                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          298                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       493326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       493326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          460                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       493786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       493786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       493786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       493786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15680166000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15680166000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     55854000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55854000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15736020000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15736020000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15736020000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15736020000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.481777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047141                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047141                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.477674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.477674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.477674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.477674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31784.592744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31784.592744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 121421.739130                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121421.739130                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31868.096706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31868.096706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31868.096706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31868.096706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 492762                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26978143000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26978143000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26978143000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           712.851945                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             1525357                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               863                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           1767.505214                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            113000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   712.851945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.696144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.696144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          745                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          693                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.727539                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           3051577                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          3051577                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26978143000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst      1524494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         1524494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst      1524494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          1524494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst      1524494                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         1524494                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          863                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           863                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104449000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104449000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104449000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    104449000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104449000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    104449000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1525357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1525357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1525357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      1525357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1525357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      1525357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 121030.127462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121030.127462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 121030.127462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121030.127462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 121030.127462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121030.127462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102723000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102723000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102723000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    102723000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102723000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    102723000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 119030.127462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119030.127462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 119030.127462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119030.127462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 119030.127462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119030.127462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                    118                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26978143000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26978143000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26978143000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 29225.893124                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      987526                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     35122                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     28.117021                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     92000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks       0.005355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst       157.035463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data     29068.852306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.004792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.887111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.891903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        32635                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   7935330                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  7935330                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26978143000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks          552                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total              552                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks          118                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              118                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data                15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst             10                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 10                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data        459525                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            459525                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                   10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data               459540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   459550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                  10                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data              459540                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  459550                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data             445                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 445                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst          853                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              853                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data        33801                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           33801                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst                853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data              34246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  35099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst               853                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data             34246                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 35099                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     54152000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      54152000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99919000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     99919000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4550157000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   4550157000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99919000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4604309000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4704228000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99919000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4604309000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4704228000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks          552                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          552                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks          118                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          118                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data           460                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               460                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          863                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            863                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data       493326                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        493326                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst              863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data           493786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               494649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst             863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data          493786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              494649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.967391                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.967391                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.988413                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.988413                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.068517                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.068517                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.988413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.069354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.070957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.988413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.069354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.070957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 121689.887640                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121689.887640                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 117138.335287                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117138.335287                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 134616.046863                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134616.046863                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 117138.335287                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 134448.081528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 134027.408188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 117138.335287                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 134448.081528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 134027.408188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks                 473                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       473                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          445                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            445                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          853                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          853                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33801                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        33801                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         34246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             35099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          853                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34246                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            35099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     45252000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45252000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     82859000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82859000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3874137000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3874137000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     82859000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3919389000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4002248000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     82859000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3919389000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4002248000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.967391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.967391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.988413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.988413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.068517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.068517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.988413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.069354                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.070957                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.988413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.069354                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.070957                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 101689.887640                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101689.887640                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 97138.335287                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97138.335287                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 114616.046863                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114616.046863                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 97138.335287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 114448.081528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114027.408188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 97138.335287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 114448.081528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114027.408188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                           2354                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         36736                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         1638                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26978143000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              34654                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          473                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1164                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               445                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              445                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         34654                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        71835                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        71835                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  71835                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2276608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2276608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2276608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             35099                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   35099    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               35099                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            38628000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          175502500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       987529                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       492881                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            3                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            717                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          717                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26978143000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            494189                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1025                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          118                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          494091                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              460                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             460                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           863                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       493326                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1844                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1480334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1482178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        62784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     31637632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               31700416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            2354                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     30272                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           497003                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001451                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.038060                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 496282     99.85%     99.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    721      0.15%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             497003                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          988869000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2589000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1481358000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             5.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
